hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 horror thriller film
split so let's get started three
teenagers Claire Marcia and Casey are
kidnapped and held captive by Dennis one
of 23 personalities present in the mind
of Kevin Wendel crumb a victim of
childhood abuse and diagnosed with
dissociative identity disorder or
multiple personalities kevin has been
treated by dr. Karen Fletcher and
appears to be stable within his mind all
of his personalities are controlled by
the personality Berry and wait for their
turn to control the body two
personalities however Dennis at her
Tricia are kept out because of their
destructive behavior and they're
worshipping of the Beast a rumored
twenty fourth personality the three
girls realized Kevin's nature when they
meet Patricia
Casey seeks to befriend Hedwig a
personality that claims to be a
nine-year-old boy who confides in the
girls that they will be sacrificed to
the Beast he says that he stole control
from Barry and was persuaded to help
Dennis and Patricia when Claire attempts
to escape dennis locks her in a separate
cell dennis attempts to masquerade as
barry went in a meeting with dr.
fletcher what she realizes that dennis
and patricia have taken over as the
dominant personalities marcia tries to
escape next but is caught and also is
placed into a different cell casey
continues to try to befriend Hedwig
having heard him mention a window in his
bedroom casey persuades him to take her
there but learns that the window was
only a drawing Hedwig reveals a walkie
talkie but Casey is subdued by Patricia
as she attempts to use the radio for
help
Casey experiences a flashback to being
molested as a child by her Uncle John
who became her legal guardian after her
father's death dr. fletcher begins to
suspect that dennis is responsible for
the kidnappings and makes a visit to
where he lives she discovers Claire but
she is caught drugged and
by Dennis he then turns into the Beast
manifesting superhuman speed strength
and agility knowing the only way to call
for the real Kevin is to speak his full
name doctor Fletcher writes in on a
piece of paper before being killed the
Beast then kills and eats both Marcia
and Claire Casey stumbles upon dr.
Fletcher's corpse and reads her note she
briefly calls to Kevin by speaking his
name horrified
Kevin orders Casey to kill him however
the Beast returns and Casey shoots him
but only injures him the Beast then
voices his plan to rid the world of the
untouched those whose hearts are impure
because they have never suffered in
their lives the Beast chases Casey into
a cage and then notices her scars the
Beast fairs Casey's life because she is
pure and leaves Casey is rescued and
learns that she is being held underneath
the Philadelphia Zoo where Kevin worked
and lived Casey is asked if she is ready
to return home with her uncle another
hideout
Dennis Patricia and Hedwig exert
collective controller Kevin's body and
admire the power of the beast and their
plans to change the world we they later
see and a diner patrons listening to
media coverage of Kevin's crimes for
which he has been nicknamed the Horde
one of the patrons notes the
similarities between Kevin and a
terrorist who used a wheelchair and was
arrested 15 years prior the man sitting
next to her David Dunne reminds the
patron that the terrorists name was mr.
glass a reference to another M night
Shyamalan movie unbreakable indicating
that both of these take place in the
same universe so that was the spoilers
for split if you have another film you'd
like to see me spoil please let me know
in the comments below check out movie's
spoiler alerts on our various forms of
social media and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]